New practice: respect POSIX signals (#5)
lirantal/nodejs-cli-apps-best-practices: README.md

</details>

### 1.8 Respect POSIX signals

✅ **Do:**
Ensure your program respects [POSIX signals](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/signal.7.html) to allow it proper interaction with users or other programs.

❌ **Otherwise:**
Your program will not play well with other programs and introduce unexpected behavior.

<details>
  <summary>➡️ <b>Details</b></summary>

Especially for CLI applications, it is common to interact with user input and improperly managing keyboard events

> may result in unresponsive program to the `SIGINT` signal interrupt which is commonly used by users when they hit the `CTRL+C` keys.

Reviewer: change "may result in unresponsive program to the `SIGINT` signal interrupt which is" to "may result in your app failing to respond to `SIGINT` interrupts, "

Author: ```suggestion
may result in your app failing to respond to SIGINT interrupts, commonly used by users when they hit the `CTRL+C` keys.
```

Author: Changed it, thanks @davesag you're the best!
